[Music]
Oh
T
[Music]
[Applause]
w
[Music]
Oh
he
[Music]
Oh
and
[Music]
Oh
k
[Music]
Oh
Ho
[Music]
P
[Applause]
[Music]
he
B
[Music]
Oh
and
[Music]
the
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
ah
[Music]
Oh
and one
[Music]
two
[Applause]
[Music]
two
[Applause]
[Music] What's
up [ __ ] [ __ ] you guys are
disgusting What's going on
here guys the multi-pass prosecutor
What's this about the prosecutor man I'm going to
play in that Lore I'm there catching it
because of you I'll play and I don't have a
[ __ ] clue about those things that you
're telling me I mean probably yes yes I get involved
we'll get sick of Rey no but it's that I'm not
going to get into that stuff man Look I'll
play for half an
hour who sent it to me
Ampari a kiss beautiful it can't be
heard it can't be heard wait I have to
activate it I'll play for half an
hour for half an hour
em look
look what a thing Oh no I'm
sharing the screen No wait a
moment this to pay attention to you
I'll play for the half hour that I
dedicated to it well for the half hour for the
time that we have
mentioned because I mentioned him man ah no
but the tweet doesn't appear here
Who sent me the tweet they had
sent me a
tweet  there was a tweet in which he was already
saying Oh Javi mentioned me I already
have enough for the whole
week what do you want the sink right now
Well nothing to mention how is normal
now then Disney par or Hong Kong
man Disney l Paris is much better I
said it eh I don't know if I say it in the
video itself I don't know if I said it in the
video itself but Disneyland Paris is
much better let's see it's literally
Disneyland Hong Kong is what I said in
the video you haven't been paying attention to the
video eh Disneyland Paris or
Disneyland Hong Kong let's see Disneyland
Paris has Disneyland the park Disneyland
the
studios park what was it called
What was the name of Disneyland Park is the
Disneyland park and then the studios
what was it called Disney Studio was not
called it was not called Hollywood Studio
maybe gibel is going to fall Hi Javi
gibel is going to fall but this same night
also but this same night
also let's see there is Disneyland Park the
studios and the
Village in Paris that the Village is
free I mean you don't need a ticket to
be there you go directly
because you have Well it's a
shopping center basically it's an
open shopping center but the one in Hong Kong
is only  Disneyland Park and
also a tracing it's the same plan
it's even more incomplete in
quotes because it has some more things
than the one in Paris, let's see, they are expanding parks. So since it's
been around for less
time, well, it
's normal that they have fewer
things, it's normal that they have fewer things to
see. Today I have no [ __ ] idea, man, I
mean, we would have to count it, okay.
But today I have no [ __ ] idea how
many channels I've been the
protagonist of,
honestly,
hi
Javi
humiliated, thermop, papea Javi Oliveira
Guibel
Javi Oliveira forgets that he accused
Guibel Gibel tries to explain to Javi
Oliveira why they call him
Dallas dog Gibel returns it to Javi
Oliveira. An unexpected
Gibel fight, man, what about this video has
made me really black, man, calm down Javis.
Look, look, look how he talks, he talks like a
movie villain. Man Javi, it's official
that you'll change the name of the Channel because of the
crybaby. No, but you know it's official,
man, you're going to kill me, man, you're going to kill me,
but I thought of something, I need
your opinion, I've already been talking about it.  in
telesalseo it's also
worth it This video is worth it for example this
video that is in the salsería
Ok these two for
example this one no this one no this one is good
in the salsería but this one this one of the
queen man that goes for almost 100,000
visits okay or this one no that I left uploaded
before this one I left it to edit so that they could
upload it while I was in
Thailand man that's not working
badly either man These are videos man that you
know what that I have regretted
uploading them in the salsería and in telesalseo
man I mean when they are videos like this good
of what is our brand of the
main Channel I think we should upload it to the
main Channel man I mean these two
videos for example that also
worked well I uploaded it in the salsería
eh this one is also worth it This one I uploaded to
telesalseo this one is uploaded in
telesalseo
okay And this one in the salsería when they are
videos like this well done I see it well like that
Javi you see it well like that will you upload it
again Well I think not let's see I think that
the ones that are uploaded I know that they have been uploaded
because  I don't think so I do
n't think I'll go or rather
I'm always always restless eh man I'm not
satisfied with anything Let's see, the
reality is that with the main channel
we have a problem the problem is the
changes in
theme YouTube wants the channels to
be monot thematic And then the
moment you mix several themes
Eh well no it's not recommended the same to
your followers no but man so
what do we leave the main channel
there man we are uploading content
on other topics not the
Jeffre Epstein thing now we are uploading about Bukele that now I have another one here another script that I'm going to record I don't know if tonight or tomorrow When I wake up okay but yes it is true that for example this video of Windy from Ari this one would be good on the main
one man then the one of Queen Leticia
instead of on Telesalseo on the main one
too man I like the variety of
Javi's channels opinion yeah but
YouTube doesn't like variety that's the
problem So yes it is true that I
already have them well divided the
content the themes are well divided
across the three channels but  now
that the channel is active With this
trip to Thailand and more
man it makes me sad for example not to have
these videos that have gone well And they are some great
videos man So what I've
talked about with the Editors is that what
I've talked about with the Editors is that
uh once we have the videos
finished okay or script recorded
and
edited those that are powerful of
good quality okay those that are our seal of
good quality
[Music]
em decide which ones go to the main
when it's a good one Okay when it's
like this that I was showing you on screen
for example one of ccu that we did
recently a month or two ago we did one of ccu
that was great man it was for the
main
man but I don't know man I don't know what to do
honestly Let's see this man I think he's on his
way to laser len Look at
this What is it you have to subscribe to
this channel give like share make
this channel reach more people and share
a world of fantasies illusion and color
and remember that as a travel agency
we can also take you to Disney
whenever you need in case 50 to Let's see  I'll
play it's not because you're 50 years old,
age doesn't matter but it's that he does things that
catch my attention, for example, what catches my
attention is the way he speaks, okay, I
mean, he talks to
you like he's crazy, he talks to you like a villain from a movie, not that he's 50 years old and does these things, I'll do them when I'm 50 too. I mean, no, that doesn't matter and when I'm 50 I'm going to have Aladdin's genie in my
hand and I'm going to have a fourth man, we'll
see if we keep it or not. No, but it
's not that, if not, I don't know, I see it, I see it
very much on the way to laser len, yes, it's
true, it's true that this one is more
prudent eh, the terms of ler len, man
Javi, ha, there's a minimum, man, eh. What
has touched my dick is that you [ __ ] yourself from the
video, man, dismantling Javier and Beira. And
it's always, man, the analogies that he
makes, the comparisons that he makes. Of course,
you get here and you see these clicks, no. And you
say, look, look at Javi, what a hypocrite
about the Leon issue.  he doesn't care I'll play
Well we already talked about it on telesalseo
eh I mean he has Comparado literally and he has
been so pleased and he has accused me
of not having empathy ha Comparado he has
said that he takes out Dallas because yes no no
Dallas appears the whole video d exit
the whole video obviously okay [ __ ] he has
put the click of the gutter why have
n't I seen this wait now we'll see it
man ha Comparado the issue of
Leon Lee crying that I remind him
Leon Lee that he left crying from the
debate
wait the Thailand series was
God kiss Thank you very much Javi But
with this you can last the whole week but it's that I don't care anymore
if it's
anyway that's what they do Javi oliveira
Dallas this is Javi oliveira d point
chino that left crying and how does he
think of crying you want No I
haven't told Leon that he left crying and
how does he think of crying or rather and he
compares it to this case man I mean look at it
with what he compares it to them
threatening my wife and me
with Well I don't care that he has children it
gives me  I'm going to destroy your marriage, I don't care if you have
children Lorena Open me up so
that Open me up so I'm going to I mean
people who were supposed to
appreciate me, no and with whom I had a certain certain
such okay For the simple fact of
disengaging myself and all that
stuff that I break down on live that
I break down on live because they
hit that to my wife being
7 months pregnant and compare it with
that you have to see that I have no
empathy that Leon
cried while Lor was pregnant no
eh wizard it's that she was about to give birth but
they said that they didn't care that she was
pregnant that she had children that they didn't care about
anything that they had to
take him to Javi his
marriage his family and everything because
in the end it always catches the family I mean
today today on Twitter maybe uh today on
Twitter I put I had to respond to a
girl on Twitter and and they are Well I don't know
looking a little at the girl's Followers
well I can more or less imagine
What group of people but well I mean I
find this what a pain  the thing about
Javi Oliveira's son this is trying to
gain interactions by imitating a tweet
that always goes viral which is
messing with Dallas but with the mother
what a pain in the ass about Dallas's mother who
had Dallas Of course I find myself here and he
is mentioning a 4 year old boy
and I told him Hi Laura I'm going to
ask you with the politeness that I don't know if
you deserve What has my 4 year old son done to you that you
mention him in a shitty
tweet in which I imagine he is looking for
virality
no I mean these are things that I
really don't
understand hidden as we have shown in
this tweet but now when
you say that you are going to sue again and that of
course you are not interested in the judge knowing
that you have made peace and that you are
exaggerating How am I not going to be interested in
the judge knowing that we have made the ps I am not
going to give clues when the
judicial proceedings are more
advanced I will
see them when the insults were not really
directed towards certain things that
you said were going on but that were a lie,
then what you do is
magically make the video disappear and
that I already know  what has said to I already know what
has said according to what happens I want to
hide eh that I have made peace with with
another for precisely That is the
subject precisely That is the subject this is going towards
that I do not know Lone I have not
reviewed his channel nor will I do it okay
But well well I will not do it we will see
because I already do not like this comparison
one [ __ ] hair I already tell you I mean I
understand that that that if he
has a certain community and he has the
same as the other okay or whatever but look at
what he has come to his conclusion
that I remove a video where I make
peace with a person when
precisely That is the point well the
peace the peace it is not It is that each one
on his side we do not mention each other and there has
been one of the two parties that you have not
stopped raising the level precisely
That is the point Elena Well nothing the
dismantled that they make me that I love them they
dismantle me like the like the mini that I have
here look they dismantle me like the mini
that I have here that with the nonsense
with the nonsense carries here a  year I
have to get with her or so fate you
trust the conclusion that he has drawn the
conclusion that he has reached
that I have hidden no no if it is
precisely That is the point happens I am not
going to give any clue when they are going to
advance the procedures Do not
worry what you are going to be if you want I will
give you the exclusive so that you have a
real exclusive Javi remember the chat the debate
you had with lip let's see here what he
is comparing basically to
tell me that I have no empathy here what he
is comparing is a situation in which they
threaten Lorena me and Lorena
I am going to destroy his marriage I do not care if he
has children I do not know what Lorena you
talk to me that I am going to understand you not
something like that they sent him no and that I
break down in that live and he is
comparing it with lip or rather he is
comparing it with the situation of leol le who
is a guy who has been pissing me off for a year
Like for example
him or like for example other channels
dedicated exclusively to me and now I
upload it to a debate or rather le  I accept the
debate and time Ah ok Yes here yes I mean it
took him no time to see that we are
mentioning him and well with this he is
like [ __ ] finally he is mentioning
someone famous to me anyway
and what is this what is it that I
wanted to
see youtuber the one who has
YouTube directly here the such who is the director
is the one who was manually reviewing
the [ __ ]
video let's see I want to see for what position
only from the
coneta
still say I was stupid Yeah stupid really stupid
is the one who takes over Jai
really we have nothing to do with each other I never
say things like this if one day
I saw the news that they found
your body throw a [ __ ] ditch I was
happy I well that you don't say things like
this I'm not going to give a clue okay But the
man maybe exactly like that
no well come on yes I saw the clue if it does not
matter if it does matter Look if it does not
matter Look this is not a demand of mine what I am
going to what I am going
to the example that I am going to give is not
a demand of mine eh that I am going to put
anyone is another demand  from another person to
another person okay But well, from the circle
of the environment
okay
man
if you want to open up to me I'll
tell you man I don't know if he says about the
ditch but I think that a person to
whom another has never said
anything is worth it And that he addresses
another
telling him I think that in my opinion that
if there is a person on the internet who
thinks and says that Dallas is a pedophile I
think that even so That person who
thought that and said it would have
enough support on the internet to be
able to support his opinion man I think
that this is taking over from me no but
worse this is taking over from me but without
any steering wheel I mean if I was already going without a
steering wheel a click ago he gave me a click of what
Javi you use your family to
victimize that he
also said King Javi that you are very short
what he said I think Ah okay okay okay
excuse me I'm not going to say anything else that they do whatever they
want make the
videos they want okay that Who was it I'm
not going to say these are things and they are
procedures that are going to be there taking their
course and when they go  taking its course Well maybe
a little more is known I'm
not going to advance anything yet
okay But come on, he himself had to
pick up cable A few days ago because of
something Will hater also said that
how guy You don't know the story
Shut up Oh but what are they are
comparisons in his mind that he V
logically So I deleted a video
of the other then he took it I've already
talked about it on telesalseo I'm not going to talk about it
here again okay he took it and
said Well what I
found incredible the beginning of the video
is this the comparison the comparison of
the two situations Of course because it's the
same it's exactly the same situation
Well I'll show you the screenshot it is or is not
exactly the same situation that of
leol le is with me that is
exactly the same situation let's say that I
upload a debate to a guy who has been
provoking me and asking me for a debate
For a year throwing [ __ ] at me
putting disgusting things in the
thumbnails putting everything on me and I
upload a debate and when he sees himself
cornered he ends up crying it is
completely comparable  with this
situation well with everything like that with everything
that has been posted with everything with all the
clicks that have been posted okay
look because really I only have to
take the camera go live to
talk about it and you are normally
portrayed that's why what I can say is that
thanks to you I always end the
videos with a big smile smile and the
best of all is that mine is not
fake It's that I don't understand what it is I know is that I do
n't understand leave it there it is
Okay who else Well Tania we
already talked about it Gonzalo a kiss Tania
too that one hasn't put me in the
thumbnail I mean man in 24 hours
how many channels have I been on It
's that I can't answer everyone let's
see this
the phone about Tania
we already watched it on telesalseo in the
vertical live at noon in case you
want to see it theory code a
kiss I put on a circus and my
dwarfs grow the
phone looks like a drag
Queen that's why Daniel must have hired her
some fetish In addition to the detit of
loving mom
[Music]
or
Who calls
[Music]
vill I don't understand what you have that makes so
many people so sick with
you, you are just youtubers, you have no
relevance, person shrugging shoulders
most say it's well that's what
gives you the most visits I understand it, I
mean, if I started the same way criticizing
other bigger ones and that's it and I
respect that, what happens is that no, I can't
help that when I hear Nonsense like
comparing one situation to another Like
what we just saw seems
pathetic to me And that's how it is King, be careful with
copyright well it doesn't matter Javi Oliveira
destroys stutters and Gibel does
nothing ales words Let yourselves be hooked by
Thank you very much theory code a kiss Hey, I
'm going to see the members to see how they are doing a
kiss a kiss let's see, I'm going to see the
members, let's see if we move forward 37 is
calling me right now, dude 3107 is calling me right now,
thing from the past What but he
once insulted Mexico and it has to do with
fighting withana and he left her on the ground, idiot it's it's
true when you pass by,
you eh, defended Arin  Place
even lying okay making up that
you yourself didn't know about czu to
defend Ari Gameplay dude and
it's Yeah yeah gibel you Put your hands on your
head But you're going to fall
too Put your hands on your head
whatever you want but you're going to fall
too I'm
telling you applause for theory code no
who has deigned to open the
member donations tonight okay let's
see what
else this what the [ __ ] is jabi oliveira talks
about Disney's The Little Mermaid increases its
intellectual capacity by
15% Ah okay okay okay
okay the one without bold it's not worth it it
causes rejection and a lot of things
okay I'm a big fan of Disney it looks it
looked like tacky the cgi is very bad it has
three or four progressive moments
apart from the fact that the little mermaid was
forcibly included it has three or
four more moments for example look at
Eric's mother who also put a
tweet at the time okay Eric's mother
is also black I mean if they have
put Snow White on you Well she's not
black I don't think she's a
mulatto  wood that I had what the [ __ ] they
just released a video of this today man
I'm already today I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to
cut the internet line you guys have me
fed up with the dick today eh I
mean what the [ __ ] is this
man eh I'm dead I'm dead
literally I'm dead yesterday it was
7 in the morning it was I think it
ends here at 6 I recorded a couple
of news stories while I was having
something I was having something it wasn't a line of
cocaine no way At 6 in the
morning it could be not to hold on a
little now the guy no
my god I'm not getting out of the internet alive no
[ __ ] joke eh No [ __ ] joke eh No
[ __ ]
joke what the [ __ ] is this man
jav oliv delox attacking badly and leaving aimu
worse Javi oliveira
atac each one each one in his [ __ ] world
man they've already screwed Javi oliveira against
gibel And he stutters Javi oliveira highlights
a hypocrisy of the stutterer Javi olira
sunk uncle Richard 10 members of
Richard a kiss please  donate to me
please could we reach
4000 today Hey but this How many times
How many videos has he made of me so far this
week that it's one a day The gentleman
this [ __ ] But this This never ends
never ends I was going to say today come on let's
react to the criticism that people give me
Javi oliveira
sunk bat no debate no no but Who
has smoked a joint Who has smoked a
joint but pass but Who has
smoked a joint you have smoked a joint
you have
n't but well what do we have here together a
video of G pass I'm quite
happy with this with this anime that they
're playing est But well let's
watch this 22 minutes we'll talk about it a
little bit and yes I'm aware
that he just released another one but it's two
hours we'll see Javi's response
that's going to be
funny Well
come on My God of my life My God of my
life I'm opening a circus and my
dwarfs will grow I'll tell you okay
t
please I can go to Thailand man man I
can  go to [ __ ] Thailand again dude
But oh well This [ __ ] is for days not
days they
threaten them Ah look at this one at least from
Fran Look no here I'm going too
far no mother that I don't pay attention to
him he's a
little [ __ ] with you don't give him the pleasure XD
the one with the forward move Let's
see the little ones accuse him with
Iran Plays that they keep everything quiet joke irony
irony disclaimer disclaimer
disclaimer disclaimer
guys you know what makes me laugh
today I went over in Javi
Oliveira's video and in the video he says gibel I will
never be your friend We saw this yesterday
no never I will never be friends with gibel and it makes me
laugh it makes me laugh because we
saw this no the majority of the comments
are he harassed me uncle Sur charge you the
times you do it stay late
Prepare your ass chubby toel he touched me
top TR the anime gel he touched me gel he touched me
G he
touched me the worst of
sports he touched me Mr. Guillermo
had sexual contact with me without
consent he touched me when I was
just a  fetus I hope that if something happens in
Madrid you tell it and don't say something
like that eats quietly eats double No if I
[ __ ] a girl I'm not going to tell you
I'm not that stupid no how am I going to tell you
if I [ __ ] a girl no no you're
sick what am I going to say guys Yesterday
I sucked my dick tremendous [ __ ] very
rich this is a live stream from
gibel but tell it on discord
that's a live stream from
gubel you have to ttear I [ __ ] a
Spanish girl ule ule uel he made me a [ __ ]
touching me with his dick when I was in
my mommy's womb for daring for daring
and [ __ ] how [ __ ] disgusting kid how [ __ ]
disgusting jav oliveira takes things out of context
to make gibel look bad we already saw this
yesterday that [ __ ] [ __ ] that started
saying that he was taken out of context they
took me out of context let's
see Hi how are you I was playing
LoL from Chile and he says Javi is against
you summary of the funada now eresel
Plant and kag 2 insult to  the gelitos TR
for a donation said that the jokes you
said about arian were of that type and that
since you know that he would be aware of
what they said you played
cageta c equal to submissive you could
n't have said that meego today he is
playing LoL and they tell me Javi is very
angry damn And I imagined the
situation like this
Javi son of a
[ __ ] have
Dallas told him c to Juan's mom
Well it was valid to complain about using
arian to mess with
Dallas every time I saw a clip the licitos
told him that she was an ia and he thought we were
saying it
[Music]
right Javi you don't have enemies nobody does In fact
this live is
pre-recorded it makes me laugh because I
imagine him all angry reis in his
house and I
[Music]
said you were a tremendous troll
pillow bites yes literally more than an hour
attacking
tea I am so
important I have become so
relevant no no
Die
gbel Die
now I want you to die gbel In fact he
also said  that you didn't have the balls to
go live when he was live
and you only reacted to him when he was no longer there
because you're a jerk skinny I'm
playing LoL let me gain weight in
peace I caught him the other day when he said
exactly the same thing about the
Dallas thing that he started reacting or talking
about Dallas when Dallas was already asleep, I mean
that's super shady Because on top of that it
shows that he's aware of when
others are sleeping, I mean he starts to be
aware of when the people
who criticize are sleeping no no and I have the cli eh I
have the cli I have the cli What happens is
that this is the typical one
that throws [ __ ] behind your back but then
when you confront him he says oh I was
playing LoL you were really angry and
I was chilling playing LoL you
weren't making jokes with
Dallas's sister honestly It was really heavy that
when you entered the live with delox
you were scared because you mentioned anything and
that you had a hard face because you had
called him a dog and then you entered his
live saying that and And what do I have to
do with my mom seeing it he did it
with many videos the best thing was  when he
said c equals submissive and about the
c I have to see that dude he said no no no
no stop stop I can accept that he
tells me whatever he wants but I'm improving a
lot as a jungler
eh The worst thing is that I imagine him
saying gbel doesn't turn on because he's
scared of me I'm a [ __ ] they don't
let us play ranked I want to be Emerald
well it comes out customized
the one that Piqué warwick was off the
server the one that Piqué warwick was off the
server Javi the next time I'm going to explain to you
what happens the next time I'm playing
LoL with people with the people from
discord and I get into the game I'm going to leave
the game so they penalize me and
everything to learn
directly to talk to Talk to me LoL Don't
fall asleep no no I'm not asking
anyone to come here to talk to anyone
no don't
fall asleep enough enough enough Do
n't fall asleep gel What happened
with hikego I just put it my turn and a
moderator deleted my message and how could you not tell it
V what the Stream is deego is
purer than a high mass No  be a
troll and defend us because he insulted us and
made us look like a warning Javier sees the
level of people who follow him, he's
doing Felipe
360's, I'm chili, not chopped, I see it a little, let's
see for me the conclusion of this
discussion is
Plant G Plant gel
Turbo fans with the most good When he wrote to me
yesterday but in Japan the hours are very
changed it was like we answer each other
every 12 hours he wrote to me it was 5 in the
morning here I was sleeping I
wrote to him it was like 5 in the morning
there he wrote to me and it was like
so,
aose but if
she wrote to me how Well is there something else, is there something
interesting Javi el canino doesn't
have a
fandom Javier canino doesn't have a
fandom well here there are 3100 members What do
you have
members Elena Well I'm having a busy night here
eh I'm having a very busy night
I hope that tomorrow when I wake up I do
n't have a WhatsApp from you telling me Oh
she's screaming toe or something like
that when I get up, when I get
up and see Elena I mean some of these
people from La Cuadrilla  he yelled at me I do
n't know
what 3100
members give more members so that there are
more says Jorge Soto man let's see I think we would
give a good pape Ada to
guibel if we got here right now
rationing his nonsense to 4000
members but almost also without commenting on
anything like look Javier canino doesn't
have He doesn't have a fandom and we get to 4000
members you give away how much are there 10 how many
people are here 2000 people are
here right now live if they give away
five members
each we'll get off
eh don't go overboard with the insults
Javi how how that gibel Plant well
forgive me Turbo gibel Turbo gibel it was
my turn to gel it was my
turn to see the thing about having a fandom whose
grace because of course one thing is to have a
wonderful fandom like the one I have
Javi that you don't have a fandom your fandom
is a fan of
Dallas
this has been a little
submissive or rather it just happened or rather that
argument has been literally submissive it
just happened from
being Turbo
guibel
agiel
Cook  agiel
Cook I mean literally I have
people
here fan of Dallas fan of I don't know who
fan of I don't know
how much fan of Antonio David fan of la
rosito fan
of I don't know
who I knew you before
Daras says Jos Luis corbacho
literally literally It's that this argument
Thank you very much aguamarina welcome to
the Agua Marina family Thank you very much
for becoming a member It's that this is the
argument of these pathetic channels
eh
that it's not that you don't criticize Dallas
because absolutely all of your audience
is from Dallas So if you
contradict Dallas they all leave you you're
left with zero to zero
literally of course
man because I don't
work never ask him aibel What
happened with his ex with itun and why he
insulted her for having 40 viewers
because he cried with isuna his trauma with
Marina golondrina the
Argentine cosplayers or what happened with the
youtubers I don't know what you're talking about
but if they're personal or anonymous things or
things like that don't post anything
please Cynthia a kiss gorgeous Thank you very much
for becoming a member Well let's
eat them or we're not going  to eat them or not a
fan of the millor no no no no no no no no no me
don't put that
cherry on my plate don't put that cherry on my plate that
the kid is a fan of the
millor I remember that I knew Javi through
Ja block no no but whatever whatever I'm doing I'm doing it
like I agreed with Dallas it's I do
n't know what well all my audience is from
Dallas you know I don't
work you don't have a fandom literally if
tomorrow you start criticizing all your followers will go away
I knew Javi through danan in a non-
ironic way [ __ ] something happened
to danan I won't touch danan something happened to him I didn't see it
came out on Twitter today that he had a thing but I do
n't know if it's true no [ __ ] he's
becoming a member total Peña eh gui
Thank you very much
gorgeous I met you through the review of
coco very good
that one a clip of gibel next to the south and
stuttering justifying the
bullying And how do I
look for it man sh I don't believe
that at least I have a fandom that my
fandom It's weird Yeah but at least I
have
mine is that or whatever  I'm telling him that
these kinds of jokes are disgusting and his
response is at least I have a
fandom what do I have to say now
chimpum [ __ ] dude that's already been G lent
danan lost a complaint but a
complaint that was filed against
him
[ __ ] dude they warned me Eh they
warned me and I didn't want to see it dude 100
members [ __ ] madness 3 jua
LoL you didn't kill him you didn't kill him you
killed him Javi oliveira humiliates iel in 5
seconds first lie is
come on it's that he's subscribed and every time I
put a thumbnail like that half
jokingly or whatever he shares it on his
Twitter
boom fake it's your secondary seconds and
completely in
[Laughs]
ridiculous
How big dude what a crack what a crack
boom 5 seconds completely
ridiculous guys
disclaimer
irony
disclaimer joke for Javi are you a fan of
coscu I'm a fan
of gano ask for it no let's see what crazy face you
make me the [ __ ] look at
that face bro look at that face I
literally just came from inhaling fentanyl
[ __ ] you have good pictures
mine because there is that
fentanyl Hey man,
a lot of members are coming out in the chat, it's their
literal face I mean, there's nothing But why did I give
fentanyl? Hey, a
lot of members are coming out but it doesn't notify, huh?
Not only the ones from YouTube,
eh, my
mother's conch, I remember last year's video of
Javi Oliveira and in the video it says they
passed me Javi Oliveira's video,
first lie, he's subscribed
and well, don't say it,
king, they donated like 200
members to you and you don't even notice. No, no, it's not that they don't
arrive with the nicknames that we tell you
and how much fun we have here. Of course,
we are a good fandom, quite
remarkable, I watch all the live shows,
greetings,
kiss, Javi, if
you were to go to Dallas, the majority would support you, openly, I imagine that depending on each case, as it should be, not depending on, he is one-handed, face crying with laughter. I love you forever, Javi, a kiss. Look, the thing about the stuttering and the south is coming, justifying bullying in the South's discussion on
March 9th at the minute  46 sg
o3 let's
see, March 9 is the last one
No yes it is this one, it doesn't
open
okay He didn't tell me
minute 46 seconds 30 let's see what he
means
my son you leave someone when they are at their
best at their worst it shows that
you are a bad person and they are all the same that's what he
said I was left it can't be that he's
saying this dude I read the
Instagram statement and I said Okay okay they do
n't say why But well
they left him and that's it with Abi
look at that Abi is not my
favorite streamer and the one I get along best with she
has even called me a [ __ ]
Abi okay she has even called me a [ __ ] That
is the level but the thing with Abi is not
expressed well in that clip dude in that clip
when Abi says about carch he is at his
worst I don't know what I don't know how much it is quite the
opposite Abi has not left
carche at the worst
moment now he is going up he is coming back you can tell he
looks
fresher you can see he is consolidating his
audience not the one that the one that he
has left the one that has  endured the
storm with him yvan thank you very much
rein welcome
man the worst moment for carche was
after everything he did to auron and
after and all that stuff I mean it
was after now he's going to participate
in the evening he's already made peace with I mean he does
n't leave him at the worst moment he's
been with him through the bad what happens
is that he expresses himself terribly in that click
when he says it but then he said
that Carlos was very bad and we decided
that well focus on him and such and I
say I mean are you trying to say that the
kid was [ __ ] up and that you said
well
go on fix yourself
aom one one This is not to break a
lance in favor of the nose I mean Abi
But it's also true that after having
finished his I didn't understand
the nose thing the joke about the nose carch
put a tweet saying now my
p Uh the Prime is coming I'm going to tell you
something I'm going to give you some information every player
every player that comes that goes to Chelsea
doesn't shine we have a a salaá a de bruin doesn't
shine leaves
Chelsea what the [ __ ]  you
sent me this what the [ __ ] do I care
and does it have to do with it? They
literally passed it to me like this
while I was playing LoL Javi
thinks I'm on my cell phone all day long to
see what they post Let's see what Javi uploads
Hi Let's see, let's see one
thing,
me playing Warwick there all concentrated
stop what I got a notification but the
first lie you are Let's go it's that you're
subscribed and every time I
post what
else a
pathetic channel gibel doesn't need to talk about
Dallas like Javi
Oliveira Oh no post giving tell what's
on amino it's that gubel doesn't
finish me because I've seen things dude I mean let's
see
and here I'm getting a little bigger I'm getting
a
little bigger and I didn't want to because I keep
saying it no no you seem like a bad
person to me and your streams crack me up
sometimes but I'm going to tell you the
truth you call me
pathetic channel on that channel it's not about
bullying it's the El Sur channel live
minute 46 to 30 on March 9 it
's the
mate I wanted to have
disappeared well they saw roldier the
other day with what  of ju with what I know we
see it
now and p r normal to the Stream
son esud I can't
believe I said bullying is okay in
schools bullying there are people who
deserve bullying and there are people who have to build their
personality And
bully them until they change their
minds you have to do it
the buing bullying
like it or not In the absence of
strict upbringing from their parents it forms character yes it
forms character if you are not a
strict parent with your
child believe me society is going to
instill those values ​​​​through blows and you are
not going to like that
Oh man stutter I see you I see you
rascal there eh what do you have to say did you
know curious fact did you know that they
changed my course because of bullying
or because a well Unfortunately
something happened with with a son of a
teacher and they changed me what did you do to him
nothing serious
soft things character Ah
now Rob to but I was telling
I was telling the other time that I
had a friend in high school whose
name was what the [ __ ] I don't even know what to tell you
dude I don't even know what to tell you dude because it
came to me  head the Kira issue
dude the Kira issue that we have it very
present between gossip dude that we are
commenting all the time the
Kira issue dude the little girl who committed suicide at
15 years old beautiful girl dude because of the
Bullying issue and that everyone, I mean
her family members were aware of
her because the kid has been
suffering bullying since she was a girl, since she was
much younger, since she was very young, since
elementary school Okay and they worried a lot
about her and they thought that well that the
girl was going I mean they didn't know she was going to commit
suicide you know dude I'm getting
[ __ ] freaked out with
this it's not even worth joking around I don't know if
this is some kind of irony you have
or something but I'm freaking out I'm getting
indignant eh I don't want I don't
want to fight with the sh again for
allowing This okay but [ __ ] I'm getting
mad with this eh I don't know why you
sent me this dude I'm getting pissed off at the
freckles who one day punched
an autistic guy in the nose Because I
was messing with him but he was autistic or
autistic  since he was really autistic
really autistic you saw those
violent autistics I had gone to the bathroom and when I
came back in I open the door and I see the guy
throwing a punch here the autistic guy had
glasses and everything broke his glasses
blood came out suspensions we all laughed our asses off it's
crazy a
very special fight no
man you guys are giving me the [ __ ] creeps uncle
shur apologize for this and don't do another
[ __ ] chat with these three
dude crazy
I'm I'm I'm freaking out I'm
crystal or am I freaking out with
this
dude
this has been seen by 38 28000 people and it
's reaching me now like something that
has happened that completely perceived
dude dude the gifted members are not listed
And you know what happened with the
Dallas debate and Ricky throws out the data if
you have less than three I haven't spoken I haven't
spoken to Dallas I haven't spoken to Dallas
nor to the one from them I haven't
spoken again either disgusting dude I'm
saying this to the four eh the three are God
disgusting dude I'm really telling you this
eh  Starting with the bullying that
bullying is necessary to educate
who I do not understand how None of the
others stop him But who stops Because
here these three are
laughing he was an important sorcerer he
captured a
special category that of an
autistic boy he said that an
autistic boy bullying don't even get any ideas
I was also bullied in in I was
also bullied at school
more than anything but it's because I As a
child one often sins of being
presumptuous arrogant and well that type of
things make you lower yourself a lot and
bring you down to earth How many
times have I not been
cornered by others, by other people, that
this, that, by older people But the
normal thing that forms you as a person tomy tomy
son was it was a three week
suspension but with him he got a
special category So it was worth
sacrificing friend and they also changed him
from high school and then he had problems he was
violent, he is autistic and he is not autistic
contemptuously he was autistic I mean he was
autistic he is not autistic  derogatory Of course
because calling autistic people in a
derogatory way you know it's a nickname as
such dude these people don't have a relative who
has autism who has perge or
something like that so they don't tell him
Hey I'll beat you 7000
times the same thing I don't even know what to say dude
because I'm going to jump the gun dude I
swear I'm getting nervous ca
n't you see my hands dude I
swear I'm getting
nervous dude with what
the four of them are saying dude I'm getting sick I'm
going to take it off and everything trust what I'm telling you
dude [ __ ] it no joke dude no
joke dude [ __ ] it already the [ __ ]
[ __ ] this no it's not
funny to me dude No because I'm getting heated
and I'm getting pissed off and I'm going to
insult the four of them and I'm going to [ __ ] the
dead of
everyone bad mood has come in dude I
swear wait because it's getting hot I
promise I swear it's getting hot it's getting hot I swear it's
getting hot I swear  that's making me
hot
dude let's start with what Yolo said
although I've already left you some
fragments I want to go a little deeper
into this here Yolo begins by
questioning the content that Juan
Guarnizo makes regarding roleplays of
certain video games or one of its
main contents that of Minecraft
Stop doing roleplaying
GTA idiots stop chopping
wood in Minecraft that's for dude No
seriously no no I'm not going to shut up
wait I'm not going to shut up dude I mean sh
apologize for this I'm really telling you I
beg you please because if not I'm going to
Li it's really boring dude It's that it's really boring you
've touched my dick you've
touched my balls dude you've
touched my balls dude it's obviously wrong to make
jokes about bullying as bad as
downplaying Dallas telling
Juan's mom that he's a [ __ ] right when her
daughter passed away no Oh but look he must have said something to him
and that's why it's okay G bans
this [ __ ] comparing me with some nonsense
with his [ __ ] shitty disease and I
chur  apologize for this say something I
swear you're touching my dick that
pisses you off you touched my dick the
four of you [ __ ] go south I'm
autistic what they say is horrible I
unsubscribe disgusting dude disgusting it was
disgusting dude he saw me galapa
but you can't imagine the level dude
and I'm telling you very seriously
I'm not joking or with the [ __ ]
with which I had started to react
to these things eh I'm telling you
very seriously dude I'm going to change the subject I'm
going to change the subject I know guys I
know I'm going to change the subject but
from here to uncle shur to guibel and the
other two clarify this I'm really
telling you because I'm going to [ __ ] on everything eh You
have touched my balls but in a
way that you can't even imagine eh It
's not because I'm xenophobic but it seems to me that
most Argentine streamers are
kind of weird
no
[ __ ]
buddy
Let's see what happened to Abi
guys  let's see to give a little
context
eh I think it would be interesting to put
the clip from the other day about Abi which I
have here on my Twitter account
at least okay You know that you can
follow me on
Twitter and on Instagram where I upload some
news clips
okay but basically Abi Well, she
expresses it badly in that clip that she
left him with cares And she also adds it in the
same sentence that karches is in the
worst moment of his life, his career or
whatever it is I almost got heated the truth
Yesterday I was about to get heated and
go back to Avi from 2020 but I deleted deleted
and decided to breathe watch a movie with Paula jerk off
four times and go to sleep no no like
mujor is always to blame it's that it
's impressive no matter what
happens it's always that we are so bad we are so
bad we are so so yoco honor
always buah bu buah How horrible How
horrible the woman Uh and they were
talking about it and she told me exactly one thing that
is true And that is that from women, man, they
always expect you to stay like
women, they always expect that
be a person who understands the
situation understands and stay and
stay until the end of days because
that's your game in life to stay and
support and be there and be the plus one and you
left him at his worst moment his worst
moment What is it that I don't understand
where you get that info from a person has
been with few numbers for a year but
when it is decided that the relationship is over
Abi left him at his worst moment she is a
bad and dirty [ __ ] like eh bro what
more do you want but basically Abi Well let's
see here basically what happens is that
well Abi put up a clip
Well it's not that she put it up it's a clip of
her live in which I think it hasn't been
explained well okay I don't think that
literally is the situation as I had
said there in the in the click let's
leave the subject
okay let's leave it or cut the subject let's leave it
or cut the
live the breakup is that you're going to
leave it subject man that if not I really do
n't focus my head man because I
really ask you please let's
change the
subject let's leave the subject okay or yes  no it's
already banned
okay come on let's look let's
start ot see the cli
man
I'm looking for the clip man to give
context better if not it's not the
same I'm
going to leave the live here man I'm going to
leave the live here okay We'll see you
tomorrow we'll see each other tomorrow better guys
no because I got heated I got
heated and my head is burning
right now and I'm going to leave the live here
guys I'm so sorry I'm sorry I'm
really sorry I'm leaving it here I'd
rather leave it here better see each other tomorrow better I'm leaving
sorry but I'm leaving it I'd rather
leave it better we leave the live here
a kiss
guys